helm gpu-operator instead of ClusterResourceSet (#3099)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure: docs/book/src/topics/gpu.md

workload cluster:

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f azure-gpu-cluster.yaml --server-side
$ kubectl apply -f azure-gpu-cluster.yaml
cluster.cluster.x-k8s.io/azure-gpu serverside-applied
azurecluster.infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/azure-gpu serverside-applied
kubeadmcontrolplane.controlplane.cluster.x-k8s.io/azure-gpu-control-plane serverside-applied
azuremachinetemplate.infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/azure-gpu-control-plane serverside-applied
machinedeployment.cluster.x-k8s.io/azure-gpu-md-0 serverside-applied
azuremachinetemplate.infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/azure-gpu-md-0 serverside-applied
kubeadmconfigtemplate.bootstrap.cluster.x-k8s.io/azure-gpu-md-0 serverside-applied
clusterresourceset.addons.cluster.x-k8s.io/crs-gpu-operator serverside-applied
configmap/nvidia-clusterpolicy-crd serverside-applied
configmap/nvidia-gpu-operator-components serverside-applied
clusterresourceset.addons.cluster.x-k8s.io/azure-gpu-crs-0 serverside-applied
```

> <aside class="note">

Reviewer: ❤️

azure-gpu-md-0-f6b88dd78-vmkph   azure:////subscriptions/<subscription_id>/resourceGroups/azure-gpu/providers/Microsoft.Compute/virtualMachines/azure-gpu-md-0-gcc8v            Running   v1.22.1
```

... and then you can install a [CNI](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/user/quick-start.html#deploy-a-cni-solution) of your choice.

> Once all nodes are `Ready`, you can install the official NVIDIA gpu-operator via helm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once all nodes are `Ready`, install the official NVIDIA gpu-operator via Helm.
```

Author: thanks!

> ### Install nvidia gpu-operator helm chart

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Install nvidia gpu-operator Helm chart
```

Author: danke!

> We assume you have helm. If not, official installation instructions for your environment can be found [here](https://helm.sh).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't have `helm`, installation instructions for your environment can be found [here](https://helm.sh).
```

Author: merci!

First, grab the kubeconfig from your newly created cluster and save it to a file:

```bash
$ clusterctl get kubeconfig azure-gpu > ./azure-gpu-cluster.conf
```

> Now we can use helm to install the official chart:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now we can use Helm to install the official chart:
```

Author: tack!

```bash
$ helm install --kubeconfig ./azure-gpu-cluster.conf --repo https://helm.ngc.nvidia.com/nvidia gpu-operator --generate-name
```

> The installation of GPU drivers via gpu-operator will take several minutes. Coffee or tea may be appropriate at this time.

Reviewer 2: ☕ ❤️
